README.md, before:

# QA Code Assessment - Marco Garutti

This is my approach to the Code Assessment. This current branch (test/playwright-qa) contains the code from the original repo (main branch), with the addition to Playwright.
I opted for this approach so would be easier to run the server locally, but also because I believe that using the same repository for both test and development can be useful for the team.

## Issues encountered during testing

Before starting the automation, I did an exploratory test to know how the application was behaving, and I found some issues during my analysis. These issues can be found in the "Issues" tab
for this repo (or by going to https://github.com/mgarutti/tui-qa-challenge/issues). All issues contain a brief description, a screenshot (when available), and the steps to reproduce it.
Also, there are some minor issues/enhancement suggestions.

## Getting Started and running the tests

You should first clone the repository on your local machine and install the dependencies:

```
$ npm i
```
There are a number of ways to run the Playwright tests.
To run ALL of the existing Playwright tests:

```
$ npx playwright test
```

To run a specific set of tests, grouped by tags:

```
$ npx playwright test --grep "@dashboard"
```
```
$ npx playwright test --grep "@login"
```

Or, if you want to run the smoke suite:

```
$ npx playwright test --grep "@smoke"
```

If the test fails, the report will be displayed automatically, but if you want to check the latest report available, just run the following command:

```
$ npx playwright show-report
```

## GitHub Actions workflow

Every time there is a pull request or a push to the selected branches, the GitHub Actions workflow will be triggered. You can check the workflows here:
https://github.com/mgarutti/tui-qa-challenge/actions

Commit message:

Update README with instructions for passing env variables

README.md, after:

# QA Code Assessment - Marco Garutti

This is my approach to the Code Assessment. This current branch (test/playwright-qa) contains the code from the original repo (main branch), with the addition to Playwright.
I opted for this approach so would be easier to run the server locally, but also because I believe that using the same repository for both test and development can be useful for the team.

## Issues encountered during testing

Before starting the automation, I did an exploratory test to know how the application was behaving, and I found some issues during my analysis. These issues can be found in the "Issues" tab
for this repo (or by going to https://github.com/mgarutti/tui-qa-challenge/issues). All issues contain a brief description, a screenshot (when available), and the steps to reproduce it.
Also, there are some minor issues/enhancement suggestions.

## Getting Started and running the tests

You should first clone the repository on your local machine and install the dependencies:

```
$ npm i
```
There are a number of ways to run the Playwright tests.
Currently, since the Username and Password are env variables, their value must be passed through the command line in order to execute the tests locally.
To run ALL of the existing Playwright tests:

```
$ LOGIN_USERNAME=typeuserhere LOGIN_PASSWORD=typepasshere npx playwright test
```

To run a specific set of tests, grouped by tags:

```
$ LOGIN_USERNAME=typeuserhere LOGIN_PASSWORD=typepasshere npx playwright test --grep "@dashboard"
```
```
$ LOGIN_USERNAME=typeuserhere LOGIN_PASSWORD=typepasshere npx playwright test --grep "@login"
```

Or, if you want to run the smoke suite:

```
$ LOGIN_USERNAME=typeuserhere LOGIN_PASSWORD=typepasshere npx playwright test --grep "@smoke"
```

If the test fails, the report will be displayed automatically, but if you want to check the latest report available, just run the following command:

```
$ npx playwright show-report
```

## GitHub Actions workflow

Every time there is a pull request or a push to the selected branches, the GitHub Actions workflow will be triggered. You can check the workflows here:
https://github.com/mgarutti/tui-qa-challenge/actions
